README.md, before:

# gulp-jade-usemin
> Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets into a set of Jade files (or any templates/views).

This task is designed for gulp 3.
> Attention: v0.3.0 options does not compatible with v0.2.0.

## Usage

First, install `gulp-jade-usemin` as a development dependency:

```shell
npm install --save-dev gulp-jade-usemin
```

Then, add it to your `gulpfile.js`:

```javascript
var usemin = require('gulp-jade-usemin');
var uglify = require('gulp-uglify');
var minifyHtml = require('gulp-minify-html');
var minifyCss = require('gulp-minify-css');
var rev = require('gulp-rev');

gulp.task('usemin', function() {
  gulp.src('./*.jade')
    .pipe(usemin({
      css: [minifyCss(), 'concat'],
      html: [minifyHtml({empty: true})],
      js: [uglify(), rev()]
    }))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('build/'));
});
```

Sample usage in Jade file:

```jade
//- build:css /css/app.css
block stylesheets
  link(rel='stylesheet', href='/css/style.css')
//- endbuild

//- build:js /js/app.js
block scripts
    script(src='/js/script1.js')
    script(src='/js/script2.js')
//- endbuild
```

## Changelog

### 1.1.0
- fixed RegExp issue, now requires you to have a `/` or `.` as first character in your rev replacement (e.g. you need to have relative or absolute paths via `script(src='/foo.js')` as opposed to `script(src='foo.js')`)

### 1.0.0
- added `video` and img support
- support `append` and `prepend`
- jade style syntax

### 0.0.1
- initial release

Commit message:

Added maxListeners, outputBasePath, and outputRelativePath options, closes #30, thanks to @anotheri

README.md, after:

# gulp-jade-usemin
> Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets into a set of Jade files (or any templates/views).

This task is designed for gulp 3.
> Attention: v0.3.0 options does not compatible with v0.2.0.

## Usage

First, install `gulp-jade-usemin` as a development dependency:

```shell
npm install --save-dev gulp-jade-usemin
```

Then, add it to your `gulpfile.js`:

```javascript
var usemin = require('gulp-jade-usemin');
var uglify = require('gulp-uglify');
var minifyHtml = require('gulp-minify-html');
var minifyCss = require('gulp-minify-css');
var rev = require('gulp-rev');

gulp.task('usemin', function() {
  gulp.src('./*.jade')
    .pipe(usemin({
      css: [minifyCss(), 'concat'],
      html: [minifyHtml({empty: true})],
      js: [uglify(), rev()]
    }))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('build/'));
});
```

Sample usage in Jade file:

```jade
//- build:css /css/app.css
block stylesheets
  link(rel='stylesheet', href='/css/style.css')
//- endbuild

//- build:js /js/app.js
block scripts
    script(src='/js/script1.js')
    script(src='/js/script2.js')
//- endbuild
```

## Changelog

### 1.1.2
- added `maxListeners` option (for setting the maximum number of listeners for streams)
- added `outputRelativePath` and `outputBasePath` option, it makes possible to use absolute routes to static files in jade templates *independently* to the folder structure of views

### 1.1.1
- fixed stream error issue

### 1.1.0

- fixed RegExp issue, now requires you to have a `/` or `.` as first character in your rev replacement (e.g. you need to have relative or absolute paths via `script(src='/foo.js')` as opposed to `script(src='foo.js')`)

### 1.0.0

- added `video` and img support
- support `append` and `prepend`
- jade style syntax

### 0.0.1
- initial release
